Adapters (#253)
elastic/enterprise-search-ruby: README.md

gem 'elastic-enterprise-search', 'VERSION'
```

> The Enterprise Search client is implemented with [`elastic-transport`](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-transport-ruby/) as the HTTP layer, which uses [Faraday](https://rubygems.org/gems/faraday). Faraday supports several [adapters](https://lostisland.github.io/faraday/adapters/) and will use `Net::HTTP` by default. For optimal performance with the Enterprise Search API, we suggest using an HTTP library which supports persistent ("keep-alive") connections, such as [Net::HTTP::Persistent](https://github.com/drbrain/net-http-persistent), [patron](https://github.com/toland/patron) or [Typhoeus](https://github.com/typhoeus/typhoeus). Require the library for the adapter in your code and then pass in the `:adapter` parameter to the client when you initialize it:

Reviewer: For JRuby, there is one extra option in terms of available adapters with keepalive:

```suggestion
The Enterprise Search client is implemented with [`elastic-transport`](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-transport-ruby/) as the HTTP layer, which uses [Faraday](https://rubygems.org/gems/faraday). Faraday supports several [adapters](https://lostisland.github.io/faraday/adapters/) and will use `Net::HTTP` by default. For optimal performance with the Enterprise Search API, we suggest using an HTTP library which supports persistent ("keep-alive") connections. For the standard Ruby implementation, this could be [Net::HTTP::Persistent](https://github.com/drbrain/net-http-persistent), [patron](https://github.com/toland/patron) or [Typhoeus](https://github.com/typhoeus/typhoeus). For JRuby, [Manticore](https://github.com/cheald/manticore) is a great option as well. Require the library for the adapter in your code and then pass in the `:adapter` parameter to the client when you initialize it:
```
